All right.
So previously we worked with the The Post.
Yeah, we lift this state from component level to the global level using context.
Now we're going to do the same in categories.
So admin categories, we have the create, read, update, delete.
All these features we are using the local, local, state categories index here.
As you can see, we have the local state.
All right, so let's lift this to use the global state.
So right here we have the post context.
That's where we have the categories as to let's try to use this one to go to admin categories index.
Let's import to use context.
Use context.
By the way, you you must realize that I use the a different theme now.
And you see the lion head is quite a lot because sometimes I feel like in a big monotone us I want to
go for replacement.
So I keep changing the theme all the time.
So hopefully you don't mind.
So this theme, this is Tron Legacy, so you can install this one is Tron Legacy and I for the the extra
gap between lines are use the line height so you can type command and comma open this one and then you
can source height line height.
I'm using 50, which is quite a lot, but sometimes it's nice because you can see you don't it's not
all congested.
It's nice, beautiful, lots of space, easy to read.
Okay, so with that said, let's use the use context.
So we got the context.
Let's import the post context.
Context post.
So once we have that, we can start using that one.
So, um.
So.
Yeah, that's right.
Even though it's called post contest, we have two categories.
So this one now we're going to change this to in sort of used it to use context.
And then here it will be post context.
All right.
So this we know in studies in context.
Now, let me also move this one top and call it context so that it is less confusing because we're using
local context and so local state in global state.
So just to make it clear, I have added a bit of a comment here.
So that's context.
So oh, actually we can't use the categories because it's technically posted set for string and it seems
that to post and set post.
And if we want to disturb the category just to make things easier, we can so cross
categories equals to post.
So we can do that.
Okay.
So what do we want to do here is on use effect.
We are we are making requests to get all the categories.
So we get that.
And then at the moment this is what we have now we want to change this, right?
So we tend to send posts and just like we did earlier, we use previous and then we return previous.
This time we don't want to touch the post-war table is then we don't want to does that.
We just want to update the categories.
So categories we said it's value to data where to move we got from this request.
Okay, so this way we should have the categories in the post context and then we have already structured
the categories.
So that means the cold pillows should work.
We were showing all the categories to list.
You can see list the data source getting used to that to work.
That's true.
That's for the create.
All right.
So let's see what else we have so unfinished.
When we are creating the characters.
This function executes, right?
So when we create creating categories, we can create that.
So right.
But when it is created, we want to update the categories.
State Right.
So that means now we're going to change this to create rid of the delete.
So all those times we have to change this.
So previously we use we change that.
We made that change here.
That is for read, for reading all the categories to create read.
So let's go to the create phase.
So on, finish this function.
So what we can do here it is.
Change this, put it down first said post.
So when we create, what we actually want to do is we want to keep whatever we already had sort of we
already had all this categories.
We want to keep them.
We just want to add this new one.
All right.
So set boost.
Now let's use previous and then we spread out the previous, whatever we have, the post, whatever
we have, that's fine.
But the categories we want to update, right?
So.
When we are bidding again.
We can access all the characters, we can spread out all the categories in this area.
So that will give us all the existing categories we already have there.
And now we want to add new one, which has been just created, this one.
Right, so that we can put here.
All right.
So that when you update the categories, you keep the existing ones and you add a new one in this area.
Okay.
So this will.
Allow you to create new categories and obviate the state abuse in its removal.
That's done so we've done with create.
We're done with Read.
Let's go to update.
So update is here.
Set updating categories.
Set visible.
True.
And a lovely resume.
Okay.
So we get all the get the updated category from this excuse request.
And then what we need to do is we need to find this category, the one that has been just updated,
we find based on the idea and then we just return the updated data for that one.
Otherwise everything else will be returned the same way, and that is the one we are putting in this
state.
So this will strengthen, the technique will stay the same.
But what are we going to do now is we can to the categories dirt map.
It can stay the same.
We have all destructed so we don't have to do posts post dot categories.
We don't have to because we already destructor.
So this can actually stay as it is only here sit.
Right.
Said post previous.
Spread out the previous and then categories will be different.
New categories.
And we can remove that.
Okay.
So this logic would stay the same.
So all you had to do is update the categories.
So we'd done with create, we'd update on the screw to the last one.
Delete to delete it.
Yeah.
So on delete.
What we're going to do here is again we get the deleted item here.
So let me just put it right here.
So set.
First we use the previous.
So what are you going to do here is
spit out the previous and this time we just want to update the categories and that we do using the same
function.
And so again just doing that pretty.
Categories.
It goes to just paste this bit misplaced here I guess.
So keep the previous post sort of is there just under the categories filter the the one that I did doesn't
match.
All right.
So that way we will be able to upgrade the categories list by removing the deleted one.
All right, so we don't create rid of the delete.
All this is dumps.
Hopefully everything works.
Yeah.
Import post contexts.
Okay.
So we missed this less than.
All right.
So looks like it right there.
Um, what do we do?
BHP, I guess if we can create, we can read, we can update the ESP 8.0.
All right.
So we can delete beautifully.
So everything works.
So as you can see, we have successfully dated our local state to the global state and there wasn't
much code to change it.
Right.
So we just access that one.
We destructive the carrying out.
So it was easy to use and then we basically had two tints so said categories instead of that we use
said boost and update the categories property.
From this context, I guess that that was the first ones for getting the categories, creating the categories,
deleting.
And.
Updating.
Perfect.